teach how things are and see who
look, look if there is not here, look at me
only capped has me
with containers nothing nothing nothing
good
well from my nana
you're going to die but this part not
hungry more truth
beto booker
Mexicans of art to tacos with
those with covered so that it did not prevent
the Americans tie the hamburger
with covered more than not then the
people who stamp your fingers will
suck him well touch suck direct me
you understand why they jump they put them to
all those who are getting tired of being the
certify with covered so you know what
will you touch
You already know what you have to do best because
do not go how rich the mind can understand
when you see how he helps me he also left
mother a greeting for the whole mother what
which was trying pompous call
we will have what I would also have already in
am not losing money what if one goes if
nail more really shares little go
know and gendarme criticizing the will be
taken because nobody pays me gay
will not have the vigor that you write as
contracted giving currently will have to
to buy
now
she is a Salvadoran
emelec
I stay
machetazo in palm the pulse of the government
sing the most here then and try the
popular with a fork look to him
He said
the proposal as colored medium goes from
a handsome, massive being
the peasant
you think I'm going to mess up my
tasty crimes of dozens pupusas yo
I can not do those things because I am
nothing or shit I told him that that brand of
point
or the hand and if it does not go
it was clear to him enrique and he said
Well, man, if that's the case
because you know as you walk style
I looked at white then and I'm going to
think that you are a real machete
that is not playing because finish
eat one as it goes active
and I'll keep you clean
cool then we took the other time maeva and
if not the skull of a rambo